First update of KEB docs (#35)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/03-05-authorization.md

# Authorization

> Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) provides OAuth2 authorization. For this purpose, KEB uses the [ApiRule](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/05-technical-reference/00-custom-resources/apix-01-apirule/) custom resource which generates a [VirtualService](https://istio.io/docs/reference/config/networking/virtual-service/) and uses  [Oathkeeper Access Rules](https://www.ory.sh/docs/oathkeeper/api-access-rules) to allow or deny access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyma Environment Broker (KEB) provides OAuth2 authorization. For this purpose, KEB uses the [ApiRule](https://kyma-project.io/#/05-technical-reference/00-custom-resources/apix-01-apirule) custom resource which generates a [VirtualService](https://istio.io/docs/reference/config/networking/virtual-service/) and uses  [Oathkeeper Access Rules](https://www.ory.sh/docs/oathkeeper/api-access-rules) to allow or deny access.
```

> To authorize with the Kyma Environment Broker, use an OAuth2 client registered through the [Hydra Maester controller](https://github.com/ory/k8s/blob/master/docs/helm/hydra-maester.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To authorize with KEB, use an OAuth2 client registered through the [Hydra Maester controller](https://github.com/ory/k8s/blob/master/docs/helm/hydra-maester.md).
```

> To access the Kyma Environment Broker endpoints, use the `/oauth` prefix before OSB API paths. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the KEB endpoints, use the `/oauth` prefix before OSB API paths. For example:
```
